Issue123 s3downloader (#124)
pytroll/trollmoves: README.md

Additional required packages:
- ``s3fs``

## s3downloader

This module is able to download files from a s3 endpoint.

> The s3downloader module need to get posttroll messages from eg. s3stalker from the pytroll-collectors module which announces new available files in a configured s3 bucket. The s3download then download these files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The s3downloader module need to get posttroll messages from eg. s3stalker from the pytroll-collectors module which announces new available files in a configured s3 bucket. The s3downloader then downloads these files.
```
